hello everyone mark here welcome to a
thousand simple recipes today we're
going to do the Asian sandwich the
spring roll now the spring rolls famous
all over Asia is a fantastic fast food
you can either make them cooked or
uncooked and today I'm going to do the
cook version with chicken and vegetables
so let's go for it as always guys we've
got the ingredient list and the recipe
written below in the description box the
great thing about this method of making
a spring roll is that the sauce is
basically inside this spring roll so on
what I'm going to do is just make the
sauce that's going to go into the
chicken and vegetable mix inside so
we've got 1 tablespoon of Mira Nair
we've got the tablespoon of soy we've
got a tablespoon of sugar we're going to
put about half a tablespoon of sesame
oil some chicken broth 4 tablespoons and
1 tablespoon of corn flour
so that's what it looks like when it's
finished so here we are cooking the
filling I've just got a couple of
tablespoons of peanut oil in there I'm
just going to fly that ginger up to
start with on a hot pan and I've got
some chicken which we finely chop the
one breath and that will see fry that
for about you know 20 seconds so is it
just keep that movie once that starting
to move don't want to fry it for too
long I just want a little bit of color
off it and now I'm going to add my
vegetable
so that without enough add the carrot
the capsicum
and relaxing
and is it
fly that up
you just want to get this
just like a jack for a little business
just starting to look like the chicken's
gone right now so we'll just get the
rotten now the sauce that we made up
earlier and that should thicken up the
sauce nicely you just want to wait until
the vegetables and and the sauce starts
to thicken up as you can see now the
sauce in there is just starting to get a
bit of thickness to it so here I'm just
peeling off the wrappers and you just
want to do as many as you're going to
make and keep them in a damp tea cloth
because you don't want to let them dry
out otherwise they crack and become hard
to roll so I'm going to do about 12 here
so that's it so the chicken and
vegetable mixture is cooled down and so
I'm just going to add some rice
vermicelli that I've just soaked in
water for about 40 minutes and then put
straight into some hot water for about
15-20 seconds in that soil until they
become tender and then chopped it into
three or four inch pieces and I'm just
going to add that coriander to now and
we just this is pretty much our filling
now once we finish this with me start
wrapping okay so this is our finished
mix I'm just going to check that for
saltiness and just taste it and just
needs a little bit more salt so I'm just
going to put a bit of salt in there so
here we are we just got the pastry of
diagonally facing towards us one of the
secrets of making
spin grousers not to overfill them just
so don't try and put too much in and
what you want to do is roll that one
over first and then when you get to the
halfway mark you roll that over and that
one over and then I'm using some egg
white here but you could use flour and
water or work just as well to close up
your spring roll we want to keep as
tight as possible try and keep any air
bubbles out and now we have this ready
to cook so we're just going to add a
couple of spring rolls at a time you
want to overfill your and you want to
just keep turning the over so they cook
evenly and these you want to cook for
about six or seven minutes the oil
temperature you don't want to have it
too hot you want to you want it to cook
gradually so you get really crispy
outside skin just going to take these
spring rolls out now they look
absolutely gorgeous beautiful golden
brown color and let them drain that
excess oil off so this is the chicken
and vegetable spring roll it's more of a
japanese chinese style of spring roll
but it's delicious crunchy on the
outside mmm chicken and noodles and
vegetables it's delicious if you really
want the healthy version look at my
other uncooked rice paper spring roll
for the gluten free and people and still
issues too but really that's Fanta
I'm going to enjoy a whole all of these
overall ball days I'm going to sit down
and 18 now so i'll see you next time on
a thousand simple recipes